Explain that Go does not include occurrences in check definitions or built-in filters (#2313)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.19/reference/checks.md

## Check specification

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: The Sensu Go check definition does not include the `occurrences` attribute. In Sensu Go, [occurrences are included in events][60].

Reviewer: Occurrences are also tracked in Sensu Classic events, so the distinction implied here isn't very meaningful to users.

Classic had no concept of metadata, instead arbitrary key/value pairs could be added directly along side other attributes which now go in the `spec` block. `occurrences` in the check definition started out as arbitrary but became a convention.

Author: Thank you -- I think I phrased that poorly. Does my update make more sense?

> **NOTE**: The Sensu Go check definition does not include the `occurrences` attribute. In Sensu Go, [occurrences are included in events][60].

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: In Sensu Go, the `occurrences` attribute is not part of the check definition like it was in Sensu Core.
```
